Husam once we have the general idea about the transform property we're going to shift our attention
to transition.
And if in one sentence I would need to answer you what is the transition that would be change happening
over some period of time.
And again the example is going to explain it much more better.
But if I would have to give you a one sentence example that would be a change over time.
Now you'll notice also that transition property is going to be a lot similar like we had with background
because this is gonna have quite a few of them and eventually we're going to look at a shorthand and
the setup is gonna be exactly the same we're going to have three ideas and let's figure out one problem
let's say that I have three divs we already know how to use the hover pseudo selector and as I'm hovering
over those divs I would like to change the color.
So for now I have red green and blue.
But let's say for all the divs as I'm hovering.
And again we would need to use the pseudo selector we would like to change the background color and
let's say background color is gonna be whatever you'd like to be in my case I'm gonna go with core.
So far so good as I'm hovering over it there.
The color is changing how are you.
Probably say noticing that the color is changing instantly.
And while that might work in some cases you probably would want to happen is change over some period
of time because I think it's going to look smoother.
Now how do we do.
Well first of all let's just work.
We had number three because I would still want you to see the other two where change is going to happen
instead and let's say for number three first we would need to start working with transition now for
transition with first would need to say what kind of property wow is this going to be I don't know the
font size is this going to be had on with or whatever.
Well in my case I'm gonna say that transition property is going to be the background so I'm going to
write background.
So far so good.
Okay.
Once we save it what happens.
Well nothing happens.
We're still having this change instantly because the second thing we will need to add is transition
and then we're going to be looking for duration.
So how long this transition is gonna take place.
We can use these seconds we can use milliseconds.
Normally we're going to settle for something like zero point three.
But just because I would want you to see how this is happening I'm gonna go with quite a big number
and this is gonna be for 6.
So as I'm hovering over what happened.
Well the color is changing.
However the color is changing over a period of four seconds.
Not instantly like with the rest.
And this is something that we can do we transition property.